Modify rule S6234 Improve rule specification (CPP-3713) (#233)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6234/cfamily/rule.adoc

``++auto++`` is a type placeholder that may be used in variable declarations to instruct the compiler to infer the type from the initializer.

> The use of ``++auto++`` reduces unnecessary boilerplate in the situation when the type of the variable is apparent from the context. In other situations, whether `auto` increases or decreases readability is a matter of personal taste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of ``++auto++`` reduces unnecessary boilerplate in situations where the type of the variable is apparent from the context. In other situations though, whether `auto` increases or decreases readability is a matter of personal taste.
```

> Arguably, in the case of the variables initialized from a function that conventionally returns an iterator (e.g. `begin`, `end`, `std::find`), it is clear that the type of the variable is some iterator. Spelling the exact type of the iterator in such a situation does not improve the clarity of the code, especially considering the usual verbosity of such types.

Reviewer: "Arguably" seems strange to me, specially when it is written "it is clear" just after.
"Unarguably"? Or more simply "However"?

``++auto++`` is a type placeholder that may be used in variable declarations to instruct the compiler to infer the type from the initializer.

> The use of ``++auto++`` reduces unnecessary boilerplate in situations where the type of the variable is apparent from the context (see rule S5827). In other situations, though, whether `auto` increases or decreases readability is a matter of personal taste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of `auto` reduces unnecessary boilerplate in situations where the type of the variable is apparent from the context (see rule S5827). In other situations, though, whether `auto` increases or decreases readability is a matter of personal taste.
```
